=head1 Russell E. Harmon

=head2 Contact Information

=over

=item
P.O. Box 92423

=item
Rochester, NY 14692

=item
L<russ@eatnumber1.com>

=item
L<http://blog.eatnumber1.com/>

=back

=head2 Objective

I am looking for a three month internship to begin June.

=head2 Summary

I am a person who loves to tinker. I spend the majority of my free time working on personal projects. Some of the projects I have worked on include the Linux kernel and the Gentoo Linux distribution.  As a result, I've found that I have become very good at picking up new ideas quickly, and expanding what I already know with little more than the internet and a direction.

=head2 Education

=over

=item Rochester Institute of Technology - Rochester, NY

=item

Major: B.S./M.S. Computer Science

=item

Masters GPA: 3.0

=item

Minor: Music

=item

Expected graduation: June 2012

=back

=head2 Experience

=head3 Apple Inc

=over

=item

Engineering Intern

=item

6/1/2010 - 11/16/2010

=item

L<http://www.apple.com/>

=back

Worked on the "Platform Kernel" team in the Core OS department at Apple. The
majority of my work entailed work on I<libC>, and on I<XNU> (the OSX kernel). My two
major projects were (a) migrating code out of the kernel into userspace to take
advantage of I<ASLR> and (b) creation of an automated testing suite to test OS
10.7's power management on Intel processors.

=head3 Gentoo Linux

=over

=item

Package Maintainer

=item

August 2007 - Present

=item

L<http://www.gentoo.org/>

=back

=head3 SafeNet Inc

=over

=item

Belcamp, MD

=item

June 2008 - Present

=item

Engineering Contractor

=item

L<http://www.safenet-inc.com/>

=back

Worked on the SafeNet Management Console (SMC) on a team of 7. SMC is a web
application built on I<Java>, I<JBoss>, I<Hibernate> and I<JSF> which manages
high speed network encryption devices that SafeNet manufactures, including
top-secret devices. Responsibilities included (a) creating requirements
documents, (b) implementing requirements (IPv6, file synchronization), (c)
testing and (d) fixing defects. Some of the specific tasks that were assigned
while working there included transparent file synchronization between machines,
implementing IPv6 support and implementing support for multiple SMC servers
managing the same device (distributed devices).

=head2 Technical Skills & Certifications

=over

=item

Languages

=over

=item

Java, C/C++, BASH & other SH derived scripting languages, Python

=back

=item

Operating Systems

=over

=item

Linux (Gentoo, Debian, OpenWRT), OSX, Solaris, Windows

=back

=item

Hardware

=over

=item

Server Maintenance, Networking, Network Security

=back

=item

Tools

=over

=item

LaTeX, Regex, Autotools, CMake, Make

=back

=item

Certifications

=over

=item

Cisco Academy, with honors (terms 1 and 2), A+, MOUS (Word)

=back

=back

=head2 Extracurricular

=over

=item

CSH - Computer Science House

=over

=item

Network Administrator

=item

L<http://www.csh.rit.edu/>

=back

=item

US FIRST Robotics Team 1230

=over

=item

Lead programmer

=item

L<http://www.usfirst.org/>

=back

=item

Rocking the Boat

=over

=item

Built a boat for children from the South Bronx

=item

L<http://www.rockingtheboat.org/>

=back

=back

=head2 Honors & Awards

=over

=item

NYC Regional Robotics Award winner - 27th place nationally

=item

Visual Basic programming award for academic excellence 2005

=back

=head2 Special Accomplishments

At age 8, built my first computer. At age 10, worked my first job at City Island
Computer Services. At age 12, attended my first programming class at Lehman
College.

=for comment
vim:tw=80
